Add frequently asked questions document (#308)
apache/pulsar-manager: docs/faq.md

## FAQ

> * Q: Couldn't do any operation for pulsar?
> * Q: Manager doesn't show the Standalone cluster option for adding to tenant?
> * Q: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Question: "I cannot do any operation on Pulsar" or "Pulsar Manager does not show the `standalone cluster` option when adding to a tenant?
```

1. Do you mean this?
2. adding "what" to a tenant? or just "adding a tenant"?

	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[na:1.8.0_212]
	at org.springframework.scheduling.support.ScheduledMethodRunnable.run(ScheduledMethodRunnable.java:65) ~[spring-context-5.0.6.RELEASE.jar:5.0.6.RELEASE]
	at org.springframework.scheduling.support.DelegatingErrorHandlingRunnable.run(DelegatingErrorHandlingRunnable.java:54) ~[spring-context-5.0.6.RELEASE.jar:5.0.6.RELEASE]
	at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Executors.java:511) [na:1.8.0_212]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runAndReset(FutureTask.java:308) [na:1.8.0_212]
	at java.util.concurrent.ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor$ScheduledFutureTask.access$301(ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor.java:180) [na:1.8.0_212]
	at java.util.concurrent.ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor$ScheduledFutureTask.run(ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor.java:294) [na:1.8.0_212]
	at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorker(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:1149) [na:1.8.0_212]
	at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:624) [na:1.8.0_212]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [na:1.8.0_212]
```

> Reason: The webservice URL configured by pulsar cluster when initializing metadata is inconsistent with the actual webservice URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reason: The webservice URL configured by the Pulsar cluster when initializing metadata is inconsistent with the actual webservice URL.
```

> A: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Solution: check the status and information of the cluster.
```

Reviewer: Q → Question
A → Solution

pls check overall

```
./bin/pulsar-admin clusters list
./bin/pulsar-admin clusters get cluster-name (eg, standalone)
```

The following results are correct:
```
./bin/pulsar-admin clusters get standalone
{
  "serviceUrl" : "http://127.0.0.1:8080",
  "brokerServiceUrl" : "pulsar://127.0.0.1:6650"
}
```
Your network should be connected to serviceUrl's network.

> If these two domain names are set incorrectly, please use the `./bin/pulsar-admin clusters update` command to update them to be correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If these two domain names are set incorrectly, use the `./bin/pulsar-admin clusters update` command to update them.
```

```
./bin/pulsar-admin clusters update --broker-url http://broker-ip:6605 --url http://broker-ip:8080 cluster-name (eg, standalone)
```

> Releated issue: https://github.com/apache/pulsar-manager/issues/292

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Releated issue: https://github.com/apache/pulsar-manager/issues/292
```

Q: Pulsar Manager keeps saying "This environment is error. Please check it"

> Reason: Your pulsar manager service cannot connect with your pulsar cluster network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reason: Your Pulsar Manager service cannot connect with your Pulsar cluster network.
```

> A: it's because _pulsar_  and _pulsar-manger_ runs in different containers with theirself localhosts (each container just know itself `localhost`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: it's because _pulsar_  and _pulsar-manger_ runs in different containers with theirself localhosts (each container just know itself `localhost`).
```
```suggestion
* Solution:  _pulsar_  and _pulsar-manger_ runs in different containers with their own localhosts (each container just knows its own `localhost`).
```

> you should either run these two containers in one network using something like docker composer, or set `--network host` in your command, something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should either run these two containers in one network using tools like Docker composer or set `--network host` as below.
```

```bash
docker run --rm --network host -it  -e REDIRECT_HOST=http://localhost -e REDIRECT_PORT=9527 -e DRIVER_CLASS_NAME=org.postgresql.Driver -e URL='jdbc:postgresql://127.0.0.1:5432/pulsar_manager' -e USERNAME=pulsar -e PASSWORD=pulsar -e LOG_LEVEL=DEBUG -v $PWD:/data apachepulsar/pulsar-manager:v0.1.0 /bin/sh
```

Related issue: https://github.com/apache/pulsar-manager/issues/283

> https://github.com/apache/pulsar-manager/issues/214

Reviewer: same

> ### Troubleshooting steps for Pulsar Manager

Reviewer: Why uses `###`? (Does this belong to "FAQ"?)

> 1. check whether pulsar cluster is normal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check whether the Pulsar cluster runs well.
```

```
curl -v http://webservice-url:port/metrics/

For example:
curl -v http://localhost:8080/metrics/
```

> 2. Check the cluster configuration. A should be your real service address and cannot be filled in casually

Reviewer: "what" should be your real service address and cannot be filled in casually?

```
./bin/pulsar-admin clusters list
./bin/pulsar-admin clusters get cluster-name (eg, standalone)
```

The following results are correct:
```
./bin/pulsar-admin clusters get standalone
{
  "serviceUrl" : "http://127.0.0.1:8080",
  "brokerServiceUrl" : "pulsar://127.0.0.1:6650"
}
```
Your network should be connected to serviceUrl's network.

> If these two domain names are set incorrectly, please use the `./bin/pulsar-admin clusters update` command to update them to be correct.

Reviewer: same

```
./bin/pulsar-admin clusters update --broker-url http://broker-ip:6605 --url http://broker-ip:8080 cluster-name (eg, standalone)

> 3. Check the log of pulsar manager

Reviewer: same issue for capitalization
